Speaker 1  0:00  
And so we upload our standards manual, which is about 300 pages. We updated our guidebook, which is like the, you know, actual curriculum, and then some old scripts from some old training, and then it kind of started working on creating an outline, and yeah, it's coming together really fast. We got an outline scripts, and then now we're working on, we've got a videographer who's gonna go shoot footage, so we're gonna

Speaker 2  0:26  
win,

Speaker 1  0:27  
so I think, and we're gonna use

Brett Thomas  0:29  
workshops. How's that gonna happen?

Speaker 1  0:30  
Yeah, they're gonna shoot the camps. The camps start on Monday, so we've also been just getting everything

Speaker 2  0:34  
ready.

Brett Thomas  0:35  
Dude, I completely missed that. So y'all have existing camps running now. I completely kind of missed that. Wow, and they start on Monday. Okay, okay. Well, just like, like mindset shift, right? Amazing. Okay, one until your ride, and three in Austin, I Okay, so that one's starting a little late in Florida. You have three in Austin and one in Telluride. I just want to really get this, because this is like I'm, I've been so focused on all this other, that I lost sight of the fact that, yeah, they're starting soon. It's almost summer. Listen, I want to plant a seed with you. You don't need to decide today, man. I would love, with your permission, and the permission of whoever the three in Austin, whichever one is the most confident, and you know, you know, yeah, all of that to have me just have a visit and go do Oh, she's going to be the team member. I would love to meet Skyler. That's perfect, I Okay, which she's following in the footsteps of Kaylee, in the sense of a career at Acton, now moving to Neuron Garage. Oh, this is amazing. Okay, man, you know how it is when you meet people in person and you physically experience a place, it fills in all the details, doesn't it? Love it. I will, I'll adjust my schedule to make that happen. That is fantastic. Anytime in the next couple weeks, I'm there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want to, I don't want to interrupt her, right? Let her get into her flow, 100% yeah. Amazing, I think Amazing, Skylar will be okay using the tools that I've been working so hard on, very cool,

Speaker 2  5:02  
I I

Brett Thomas  5:19  
love it. Okay. Yep. Total. totally, totally, totally. Okay, let's do that, and, and, yeah, yeah, yeah, let me, let me just make gather my desktop here real quick, so there you have your original email, right? And I also has it, have it as a PDF. So I'm going to pull up. Give me 30 seconds to pull a few things up. One, let's pull up the original email, which I have on PDF, which has been an interesting journey. That those 21 changes on on email, it's really fun. I won't get too much into the storytelling, but it's fun in hindsight. There was a, it was a bit of a hero's journey in a few phases, which was fun, and in hindsight, fun and exciting at the time, a little white knuckle. Wow. Okay, it's been great. I will say this, as I'm pulling up all the docs, that you now have surpassed Brother Curtis, who I'm so grateful for our connection. I wouldn't have the relationship with you if it wasn't for Curtis. There was a time where I had, you haven't met her, but there's this brilliant millennial, one of my best friends. I work very closely with her. When I can pull her in on projects, she's now like, what is she, $150 an hour and maxed out. She's like 31 years old. She kind of got into the same thing I got into. We both became AI consultants, and we're both neurodivergent and little on the spectrum, but I brought her in to help me with Curtis, because it got pretty hard, like yours, which is where I'm going with, and and there was about six weeks where she was just like this is kicking my ass, man, like wow, you know, and in the end, you know, it was a similar journey, and she did most of the heavy lift, and she's actually better at AI by coding than me, she's a genius, and but we got it done, and in the end, Curtis's Optimus OS, which I know you've heard about, you know, he went from taking a week or two down to a few hours down to like an hour, and so we built, he started in Claude, like you're doing stuff in Claude right now, and then we migrated it in, and so now Optimus OS, and he paid about the same, plus he gave me a little bit more, because I coached him for a few months as well. So we had a coaching layer on top of that to kind of mentor him, and he's a natural, he's really a natural at AI. But anyway, you have now surpassed Optimus OS, that's the most complex and, and, and challenging, but it's now all working. But anyway, I'm proud of the work we've done. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's even more complex than his, I Not on the well, well, not well, the difficult part was before your punch list. The difficult part was in the middle, and I can say more about that, but that was kind of our own kind of hero's journey with me and Haseeb and the team dynamic, and, and, and, and Haseeb wouldn't mind me telling you this. He asked me, 'Hey, let me take the lead on this, and he did some things there a few weeks ago that I didn't quite fully understand what he was doing, and in hindsight it kind of quietly felt it a little bit crippled lovable for a couple of weeks, and I kept going. Why is lovable running so slow? I'm like, something's off here. And then it took, it took a couple weeks, and then it took another two weeks, really, the last two weeks prior to your punch list, for me to kind of get in there and kind of undo, so there was a, there was, you know, those, there wasn't, there was some mistakes made in hindsight, and that's all part of the learning curve, and I love Hassi, he's, he's great, but you know we're all learning, there's a lot of learning curves here with vibe coding and lovable is updated every month, and and what are the best practices, and but we did, you know, in the spirit of full transparency and you know trying to be a good partner, we did, we learned a lot and he tried some things that even mentioned that he did it, but didn't quite grasp the impact it would have, and it had some negative impacts that weren't immediately obvious, and boy, we learned a lot about that, which I'll, in time, I'll pass along in my mentoring, and you know, you're not trying to learn vibe coding right now, but, but as you start to get into that panel more. The things that Haseem and I learned the hard way reinforced my own instinct in the best practices of how to work with lovable and other vibe coding platforms, and very, very valuable learnings. I'm not going to get into it now, but anyway, so that is all. But I will pass those learnings along. It's consistent with what I've said all along, but boy, we do, if you, if you don't follow the best practices, and you don't basically have the right relationship with lovable, how you relate with it as an employee, almost, you really want to relate with it as if it's human, even though it's not human, and so that's the, that's the very high level thing, those we lost a couple of weeks, truth be told, as a result of making a missed turn, and we were able to jump in and, through teamwork, correct it, the thing about, so that was the middle, that was that middle part of the hero's journey, where we had to have our ultimate ordeal on this eight week journey, but the punch list, it was just, you know, there's 21 items on the punch list, and even with Manus, and I don't know if you saw, we updated it today, but there's a cool little punch list tool I sent via email on Manus, and that really helped us a lot. It does help to have a second perspective. It does add the complexity, but it, you know, all those tests, and since we did the punch list, I also downloaded the, the database, uploaded it. I got the same result, 99% like there's one field that's missing one thing that's been 99% but, but even with lovable, there was a point where, in the last couple of days, where I thought everything was done, and then I went to sleep, and then Haseeb worked, because he's in Pakistan, so sometimes we tag team, and then, and then it's like, oh, these things aren't done yet, and it was, and it was like, and I panicked again, I was like, but what the hell, I spent eight hours on this, and then it's like, oh, I was looking at the wrong file, I was looking at the punch list, and my records, and Haseeb hadn't updated that, but when I look at the code, your instinct is right, and to my credit, my instinct has been right all along, he it's a combination of two. He's always kind of done some work in engineering and been drawn toward engineering. I think he might even have an engineering degree, but his work in vibe coding has been like this, just just this type of stuff over the last two years. So, yeah, so he's pretty much self-taught, but and but the thing is, even having an engineering software development background can make it worse, because it's so new and different, but at the same time they can, it's both, it's both a good thing and a bad thing, so yeah. yeah, absolutely. Okay, so let's jump in. So, I would say, I would say, let's go through everything on your punch list in email to Beth. best of my knowledge, if I haven't made a mistake, is done. There's 21 things they're on your PDF, what your email, and then also on that Manus Punch list. And so I think it'll be best if we just look at your PDF, because that's what's going to be most natural. So I'm pulling it up now. Yeah, yeah, and I'm opening it up now. I've got it in front of me, and so let's just go through it, and I'll let you drive. So I've got the email in front of me, general documentation, city search. Yeah, sure, sure, that works. Yep, perfect. Yep, yeah. Yeah, have you looked? Go ahead and pull up the app and put a slash, so that hard refreshes, or log in. If you re log in, it'll probably be good. So you're seeing the latest version. There's a yeah, and there's a bunch of new documentation. Check that out. There you go. And so, yep, yep, yep. And so you're going to want to read the new stuff, credentials and handover prompts and workflows. There was one little bug that I couldn't get rid of, it's a tiny stupid thing, but the little icons next to credentials and handover and prompts and workflows, I changed them three or four times and they're still showing up tiny, so I'll fix that today. Yep, yep, I think you're, and I want to remind you that You, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so two things, that's number two. First, number one, remember that every single one of these um docket methodology and docs, okay, even the user's guide, but all the users guide methodology should have overlooked, but it's my understanding, and it was my intention, they all have a download MD file at the top. MD file, as you know, is a text file, so you can download every single one of these MD files. These text files, throw them into Claude, and then chat with it. Also, I would start with the full specification, right, because the spools, the full specification is the whole app, right? So, give that to Claude, then give the user's guide to Claude. Okay, so and then you can talk to it. You can download any one of these MD files and just ask it questions. Now, I do encourage you to do that in Claude, because that's going to train your Claude project and all of that, but the other thing is I did it on the user's guide, and I, what I want to do, and I'm going to do it, probably this weekend, is what I'd really like to have, like I put on the user's guide, there's an Ask AI, and as you know, I'm a humongous fan of Ask AI, and so I will add that to all these docs over the week. It's something that I just want to do, so User's Guide has the Ask AI, but I will add it to all these docs too, because then you can just click it and say, just explain this to me, give me the TLDR, or you can ask it questions, so that's that's the first part. The second thing is you, when you log into Lovable, I mean, it's a long thing, like it's, it's, gosh, I mean, it's, I would say, for every one of those 21 changes, that's going to be a good way for you to see how we work with Lovable, and, and so I would say log into Lovable and just open up that panel, and you could just read it, and, and, and, and one, the last few days is going to be probably the most clear. Two reasons: one, you ask us to make these changes, so you're going to recognize what we're working on, and so it'll be more clear what we're doing as you go back into last week and the week before, the week before, you're going to get lost, but it's still interesting, right? But if you really concentrate, yeah, I think you'll find it interesting over the last few days, since you gave us the punch list, you're going to really start to see the rhythm of we want to make this change. How do you do it safely? How do you, and then, and then make the change, and then you test everything lovable on your side, and you give us the human manual test, and then basically me and Haseeb went through, and it's very tedious and time consuming, but it's necessary, because lovable cannot do the human test, and to its side it doesn't see what you know, it sees it pretty well, but not perfectly. So, there's human testing, and so you're going to see that rhythm back and forth, and I think you're going to learn the most just from the last three or four days. Well, really, this week, since Monday, so Monday through Friday, you're going to really see, you're going to get it, that is, that's the beginner level, and and then starting next week, and as we move into phase two, listen now that you're, you have that appetite, and you're ready, Kate, you know, you know, an occasional conversation, a mentor session, where, like, explain this and explain that, you're gonna learn so much by me just saying yeah, this is yeah, so anyway, you know you're not trying to become a vibe coder, but you do want to become conversant and fluent in it. You still have help, but if you go through all those changes, yeah, I mean this week, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's just go through them. Yep, internal notes, number formatting done. So, so go to city search, and where was the internal notes? That's a good question. Let me pull that up. I think it's on details. Yeah, there they are. Yeah, I get a little lost. Yep, yep, it automatically saves. Yep. yep, yep, that, and what you just did was the manual test that Lovable had me and Haseeb do, that makes sense, like you're doing it instinctively, so that's right, a lot of work was done on this, yep. And then, and then, if you click on, you know, any card, if you click on any card, like Adra, or whoever you want to click on, doesn't matter me, but if you click on, yep, and you're gonna see their number, okay, word, yeah, their number, yep, days and stage, yeah, did all I personally did all that, yeah, yeah, yep, if you go to, you can edit all of that. Yep. And then, if you go to qualification, a lot of work was done on the qualification tab. That was love it. Yep, yep. And then it auto saves, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. our Yep, yep, yeah. Yeah, that's right. I love that. Actually, lead sheet is not auto save. Click save, scroll down. It's a little counterintuitive because you don't see the save button. Yep, but qualification. I personally did this and tested it, and actually took like three hours. So, when you change the scores, there you see the score changing. Okay, yep. And it's changing on the left too, right? So you can either click the stars or you can click adjust score. It's the same thing. It auto saves. You see the little, yeah, and it's saving it to qualification, and the qual score changes, so change the squat, you see it changing on the left too, yep, and that took me a minute to get that to work, actually took like an hour to get that to work, but that's that's working, and then, and then one of the big things that also took like an hour to your point is if we add if we if we add a roadmap step or add a requirement you try to move the Kanban it will give you a message that says no you can't and it'll go back to the same place unless you manually override it, and I think it's on qualification, but you could override, and if you click the manual override, it'll let you move it, but if you don't click the manual override to your point, it will force, and this is mostly under the qualification tab, but it will force it, and so I personally wrestled that one to the ground, I took a minute, but that one's working pretty well. Yeah, this one too. This one, this was one of the last things I did. You can record on behalf of another team member, but you have to put their correct email address in.

Speaker 2  26:21  
Mm. If

Brett Thomas  26:45  
you can build an Excel, we can build in a lovable. Yeah, I can. By the way, you may not have to build it in Excel. What you might do is click record on Loom, or whatever, anything, and have a Google Doc like this. You could do whatever, what, however you want to do it, as long as you can explain it, and even record that lovable can figure it out, but especially if you have a form. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yep, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look, we can totally do that. Is it? Is it separate from candidate pipeline? Is this kind of a new thing? Maybe it is. Maybe this is, yeah, I Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, what's the I love that. What's the relationship between that and candidate pipeline and the Kanban, maybe it's another, it's another, it's another tab on Pedra Valentine, is it another tab on, or is it another tab under candidate pipeline? Yeah, yeah, it's tied to a person, I think, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, is this Skyler or is this Adria filling out this form. Okay. Then, how about it's another tab inside Adris? How about it's a tab inside it replaces notes and activity. Okay. Then let's do it this way. Why don't we upgrade notes and activity? Yeah, notes and activity. Okay, no problem. That's yeah, perfect. Perfect, so we're gonna, yeah, I Yeah, perfect, yeah, totally, so I'm yep, I Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, no, so you just introduced a new idea. So I captured candidate pipeline upgrade notes and activity with the Google form. Okay, so we'll do that. That'll be one of the first things we do, and I'm going to call that 1.1 candidate pipeline upgrade notes and activity with Google Form. That'll be part of 1.1 We could do it this weekend or Monday, and then you just brought a new very powerful idea. Okay, outside of lovable, you said put it, let me put it another way, because it doesn't necessarily have to be outside of lovable candidate facing. So we're going to introduce a new idea here, this version 1.0 is all Skylar Sam Kaylee Brett Hassid. This is internal, but now we've introduced something, and this can be part of 1.1 It's no problems, take a few hours is candidate facing page, so dude, it's, it's, it's, and it's connected, so with this app, Neuron Garage franchise, in one point on our journey, our new journey from 1.0 to 1.5 a on this, and then we'll add other stuff in June. Okay, that's that's not this, but and it's candidate facing, so there's another page inside Lovable of this app that's candidate facing with a different login, and the candidate has to log in, okay, and, and, yeah, and it's dude, if you can do it at a Google form, we just give the Google form to level, and it makes it, it's just the testing and the iteration, yeah, yeah, yeah, candidate facing candidate facing form and page with login. Sure, that's okay. No, hey, no, dude, I am now a veteran. I am now like, after what we went through over these eight weeks, nothing is going to intimidate me, but I'm going to be more realistic on my timelines. I might say that's going to take two months instead of one, you know, yeah. Yeah, love it. That's that's part of 1.0 to 1.5 or 2.0 100% we're a little bit more realistic now. You know how long things take, so what we set out to do, that took eight weeks instead of four to six, so that just.. but that's although we are going to be faster and better, but I still think that was a little bit of a little bit of a.. we bit off a little bit more than we could chew in a, if we're four weeks with a two week grace period. So it's okay, though. I'm no, not complaining, just going forward. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love it. I'm taking notes. I'm excited, I and I've been playing with this a lot, by the way. So, what the infrastructures in place, and we can add more criteria, but I'm pretty satisfied with what we've got so far, because I've gotten really curious about the cities, you know. But we can add more criteria as well, and make it more granular if we need to. Okay. Bracewell. myself, strapping myself in, I Okay, I'm Love it, love it. That's right, I Right, I I love it. I love it. I still, it's, it's not that expensive in the long run, it's 1000s for me and my team, and it's hundreds a month for tokens, so it's kind of like you got to do it right. I mean, in my opinion, you got to do it. Yeah, in the long run, it's a great investment, right? Did you pick the best cities? Yeah. Okay. Market validation is a good name for it, yeah, I Yep, now you know we're already doing that with Manus under the competitive to do Totally love it, I Okay, I'm I love it, I Oh, love it, I I love it,

Speaker 2  41:42  
I Sure, yeah,

Brett Thomas  41:50  
that's right, yeah, yeah, market validation layer premium enrichment ecosystem. I love that. And then site analysis, dude, you're a good architect. You have a natural gift for the architecture. We just got to figure out how to reduce the complexity, get a dot release in a month, that's the goal. And then, and that's what I learned to tier one, tier two, tier three. I learned a ton recently with the level of complexity, level the risk. Haseeb did tier one, he did half of tier two. I took over, I finished tier two, and I did tier three, because they were the most risky. And so we did. We, yeah, there's a, there's a, you're getting it, and exactly, you're a great architect, actually, you're, you're like your architect. I'm pretty good at architecture too. We found hostage strengths and limits, but so now there's certain things that I need to do with them versus just letting him do. And then, but no, this is perfect. City search layer 1.0 done. We tweak it out in 1.5 Market layer 1.0 comes in phase two. Site analysis 1.0 comes in phase two in June. Yep. Okay, this is great. Okay, what else? I know we're limited in time, so what's next? Yep, do Now, listen, we can get that done in a week. That's part of phase two, like the I think that I mean, I want to scope out. I don't want to have this be another eight week thing, and that was I actually put everything off for about a week there and only worked on this because we were behind schedule. We learned a lot, but yeah, listen, so far we can easily do in June four week with a two week grace period. We could easily do version 1.5 of city search, market validation 1.0 site analysis 1.0 the thing that you talked about, the Google form, the candidate facing.. let me add that to the list, candidate facing forms and tools as part of candidate pipeline, but it's. but it's. yep, sure, I yeah, I Yep, yep, fit score, yep, yep, yep, yep. I love that. Okay, so let. yep, go ahead, yeah. Yep, you'll need several, you'll need several for the boxes, yeah, yeah. That's right, that's right, yep, yep, 100% 100% yep, no, no, no, totally, yep, so that's smart lead email outreach, let's call that 1.5 yep, that's perfect, I Nice, yeah, this is great, I Yeah, I think Yeah, yeah, yeah, to do the heavy lift, to do the heavy lift, yeah, the heavy lift, like the refining of

Speaker 2  47:47  
the

Brett Thomas  47:48  
raw materials, and then we bring the refined materials in, not the raw materials, yeah, it's safer, yeah, yeah, safer, yeah, yep, yeah, it's really great. And then, as we get into version two and version three, it'll be more clear, but in version one and two of everything, yeah, that, that, the three apps and Manus really helped tremendously, and we'll add a fourth, and so that's totally right, and we'll make it all integrated. Yep, yeah, to order some once a month. Yep, that's right, I and displaying, so it's, it's, it's, it's scoring with the display, but it's not building the database, that's really smart, actually, because I could see five or six Manus apps, you know, and they're separate, yeah, totally, because they're they're pretty fast to build. It only takes a couple of hours to build a manisap. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I totally, and talk to the data with all the ask AI to like brainstorm and talk to the data. This is, I like where you're going with this. This is, this is pretty strong. Yeah, architecture. Yeah,

Speaker 2  50:27  
sure.

Brett Thomas  50:31  
Yeah, yeah. Mark Twain, I would have sent you a shorter letter if I would have had more time. I totally no, but this is brilliant. I love it, and I've been making notes. I'm pretty clear. We've got several one point fives, and then we've got several one point zeros that are new, and so far everything, as long as we reduce the complexity, I would be comfortable doing everything we've talked about today in June, we just learned the lesson of letting, like, city search kicked our ass. It was so complex, and so that's the lesson: scope the complexity down to 1.5 or 1.0 and then push certain things into next month, and that's how we actually find a rhythm that starts to feel more, you know, comfortable. Yep, Claude's brilliant. Totally, Claude's brilliant. Yeah, love it. Yeah, brilliant. Exactly, that's the problem. Yeah, totally. Yeah, but it's okay in the brainstorm phase. Then you take that artifact, and then you open a new thread, but in the same folder, and you say, okay, here's the vision over three months. How would we split this into two or three months? Right, version 1.0 1.5 version two, over three months, and then this is the key. Yeah, yeah, it's an iterative process. Yeah, and by the way, the lesson I learned, and Haseeb wouldn't mind me saying this, and he'll probably read this transcript. You and I need to take more leadership on the architect, and I need to take more leadership on the architecture, and so once we agree on the architecture and the complexity, and we're super clear, like you did instinctively. Now, what are we trying to achieve? There was a moment for a couple of weeks where Haseeb got little lost in the details, and he, he, you know, he and lovable were just going a little bit far down too many rabbit trails, right, and lost the forest for the trees, and that's when I had to take the wheel and jump back in and get us back on course, and so that lesson that me and my team now learned, which I'm sharing with you in the spirit of transparency, that's exactly right. What you just described is the key. If you and I at the architectural level could say, yeah, this is what we want to do over several months, what's the 1.0 the 1.5 and 2.0 And then I give, I then give that plan to Haseeb, and he goes, executes 1.0 but he got, he was a little too much to hold all the architecture and everything at the same time, and so that's where I have to be way more involved, and if you now are me, you and I are the architects, I think we're gonna, I think we're gonna have much more smooth sailing, basically, if that makes sense, so I think that's great. Yep, by the way, Claude over delivers and always does more, and so that's the thing you have to work with Claude, is you have to keep dot, you have to keep it's like a dog on a leash, you have to keep reeling it in, you have to keep kind of, don't give Claude too much leash, or 150 page book will be a 500 page book, or spec doc, or whatever it is, so that's one of the strengths and weaknesses of Claude. Yeah, this is great. Yeah, wait, got chat is great for brainstorming, but it lies. Don't trust chat, use it for brainstorming. Then move it into Claude, and, and, and Claude will give you the straight, but, but GPT is trained to make you happy, so it will tend to hallucinate and lie to you, but it's great for brainstorming. Yep. Okay, okay. Nice. Strong. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah, that's Clyde. Yeah, start with chat, but then validate it with Clyde. Yeah, see, they both have their strengths and weaknesses, they're like they're like they're like management team members that treat them like that, and you know, don't trust anyone, it's perfect. Okay. Nice, nice. I like it, I Yeah, yeah. Love it, nice, cool, I that's right, that's right. Well, we have, we have the Manusat for market saturation CSI index, so it's probably an upgrade to the Manus app to the CSI index. I like it. Okay, let's make sure not to sew each feature, either upgrading a 1.0 to 1.5 or a new feature, new 1.0 Just keep them all separate, and then if there's relationship between the two, this data is going to go into this. Obviously, city search, you can do a teacher search, but keep them separate, otherwise this gets the muddy, the water gets real muddy really fast. Yeah, love it. Yeah, indicate GPT or Claude under each dog. I will throw those into my own lovable full, yeah, yeah, and perplexity, yep, that's okay, they're all useful, yeah, but, but we have to get, yeah, yeah, send me, I have detailed notes, and also have this transcript, so right now we have six, we've got a couple of 1.0 to 1.5 and then we have several 1.0 I'll send back to you kind of a summarized thing, and then let me add a number seven, which is video training. So, what do you call that? Is that training and onboarding? What do we call the training and onboarding? Are you good? Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's right.

Speaker 2  59:24  
Okay, okay, yeah,

Brett Thomas  59:30  
I love it, I On the architecture, we spend a cycle on the architecture before we start building. Yeah, that's what we learned. Yeah, and signals and Totally, yeah, I That's right, I think that's the right move. Yeah, I love that.

Speaker 2  1:01:34  
Yeah, yeah.

Brett Thomas  1:01:46  
Totally, so what I'm going to do, I'm emailing you these notes of like what's 1.0 what's 1.5 1.0 is obviously new, 1.5 is obviously an upgrade. I've got five things: market validation, site analysis, candidate pipeline, candidate facing form, teacher search upgrade, and then email and smart leave upgrade. So I'm going to send that to you. The other thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to have study the transcript of our call today, and then improve that, and then you're going to send me some stuff you already have, or you're going to send today. I'm going to study that stuff, and then over the weekend, what I'm going to do is I'm going to basically now flesh out phase two, and we're going to aim for, we're going to aim for June four weeks with a two week grace period, a little bit more discipline this time. And then let's meet Monday, if you're available. If not, Tuesday, so Monday or Tuesday, as soon as you're available. I'm eager to move forward, and yeah, my God, I forgot you're gonna be calling for Yosemite. Well, listen, I would. Let's, yeah, let's make a call from Yosemite. We can use text and asynchronous and SMS, because we're pretty aligned. Like, today was really valuable. So, we're going to have a by the time the weekend's over, we're gonna have a pretty solid phase two plan. And, as you've already seen, we're flexible, yeah, so we can evolve it as we go. Totally, I'm going to send it to you. I'm going to send it to you tomorrow. I'm going to send, I'm going to send you my early draft version 1.0 Already sent you my notes from today, very brief. I'm going to send you version 1.0 draft of phase two. Let's iterate it asynchronously, and then we can also do it on the phone. You don't even have to be in front of a computer, as long as you got a phone. I know they have phones in Yosemite, so yeah, absolutely. I love it. This is fantastic. I'm super stoked. I just, you know, you're really an ideal client. I've said it before, and I'm not - this is not me blowing smoke. You really are an ideal client. You're a great partner. You've been very flexible. This is tricky, doing vibe coding for all the reasons we've talked about, and, and I think that what we learned over the last eight weeks is just phenomenal together, and what my team learned, and so I think it's fantastic. So, I'm excited. All right. Well, I will, I'll get something to you by the end of the day on Saturday, so you'll have it on Sunday. Y'all can be traveling. We'll touch base on Monday. We can do a lot of stuff asynchronously. I think we'll probably create a Google Doc, so we can both edit the Google Doc. So the phase two scope of work will be a Google Doc. We can edit it together. You and I will do the architecture, and we won't start building until we're happy with the architecture. But I think it's great. I'm going to let you get running, but we'll be in touch asynchronously. Brother, great meeting. Thanks again. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bye for now. Bye bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
